Who is the player with the most rebounds in a season?
Who is the player with the most assists in a season?
Show me the 10 best performances in terms of points scored in a single game.
Show me the top 5 players of the 2021 season in terms of average rebounds per game.
Show me the top 5 players of the 2020 season in terms of points per game.
Who is the player that scored the most points during the 2017 season and how many points did he score overall?
Who is the player that scored the most points in a game during the 2019 season and in which game (when and against whom)?
Show me the players who have played the most games in a single season.
Who has the highest field goal percentage in a single game?
Who has the highest three-point field goal percentage in a single game?
Show me the player who played the most minutes in a single game.
Who is the oldest player to achieve a double-double in a single game?
Show me the player with the most steals in a single game.
Show me the player with the most blocks in a single game.
Show me the player with the highest plus-minus in a single game.
Who is the player with the highest free throw percentage in a single game?
Show me the player who has the most double-doubles in a single season.
Who is the youngest player to achieve a triple-double in a single game?
Show me the player with the highest average points per game in their career.
Show me the player with the highest average assists per game in their career.
Show me the player with the highest average rebounds per game in their career.
Who is the player with the most triple-doubles in their career?
Who is the player with the highest career field goal percentage?
Who is the player with the highest career three-point field goal percentage?
Who is the player with the highest career free throw percentage?
Show me the player who has won the most scoring titles.
Who is the player with the most points scored in NBA history?
Who is the player with the most assists in NBA history?
Who is the player with the most rebounds in NBA history?
Show me the players with the most steals in NBA history.
Show me the players with the most blocks in NBA history.
Who is the player with the highest career plus-minus?
Show me the players who have scored 50 or more points in a single game.
Show me the players who have scored 60 or more points in a single game.
Show me the players with the most turnovers in a single game.
Show me the players with the most turnovers in a single season.
Who is the player with the most assists in a single game?
Show me the players with the most assists in a single season.
Show me the players with the most rebounds in a single game.
Show me the players with the most rebounds in a single season.